feat: Add `format_directories` option (#113)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_workflows: README.md

**Default** `"lib test"`

#### `format_directories`

> **Optional** A space separated list of folders that should be formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Optional** A space separated list of directories that should be formatted.
```

> **Optional** A space separated list of folders that should be formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Optional** A space separated string of directories that should be formatted.
```
